THING is designed to send timely notices and reminders to on-line
users, at times and in ways specified by the user.
THING has three major functions:
 
1) It warns you of upcoming appointments, as listed in your
:CALENDAR file by the CALENDAR.X program.
 
2) It informs you when you receive MAILgrams in your :MAIL_CENTRAL or
   :MAIL_folder file.
 
3) It automatically adds appointments to the schedule in your :CALENDAR
file, when specially-formatted MAILgrams are sent to you by other
users.
 
For further information about using THING, enter one of the
following commands:
 
   !HELP (THING.:SYS) USAGE
   !HELP (THING.:SYS) OPTIONS
   !HELP (THING.:SYS) TOPICS
   !HELP (THING.:SYS) INSTALLATION
   !HELP (THING.:SYS) PACKSET_USAGE
   !HELP (THING.:SYS) OWNER
   !HELP (THING.:SYS) ENVIRONMENT
   !HELP (THING.:SYS) VIP_HINTS
   !HELP (THING.:SYS) NAMING
   !HELP (THING.:SYS) DEFAULTS
   !HELP (THING.:SYS) APPOINTMENT_SCHEDULING
 
For full details, enter:
 
   !LISTHELP.X THING.:SYS
 
HELP file for: THING.:SYS
 **************************************************************
 *                                                            *
 *  Copyright (c) Bull HN Information Systems Inc., 1989      *
 *                                                            *
 **************************************************************
Normally, THING will look at your calendar and mailbox files every few
minutes (as specified by your system manager) and will send you messages
as soon as it notices that you have received some new mail (or that you
have an appointment coming up).  If you are running a program which is
performing direct cursor positioning, or is otherwise sending transparent
output to your terminal, you may wish to tell THING to "hold off for a
while, so you don't stomp on my screen".  You may do this by entering the
IBEX command:
 
   !DONT ACCEPT (SEND)
 
which means "don't let the system operator send messages to me!".  THING
will see that you have done this, and will refrain from even peeking at
your calendar and mailbox files for as long as you have DONT ACCEPT in
effect.  You may re-enable THING monitoring by entering the command:
 
   !ACCEPT (SEND)
 
and THING will inform you of appointments and/or new MAILgrams which have
been received since you said !DONT ACCEPT.
 
THING has the ability to automatically add appointments to your :CALENDAR
file when specially-constructed MAILgrams are received in your :MAIL_CENTRAL
mailbox file.  THING will perform this automatic scheduling under the following
conditions:
 
1) THING is monitoring your mail and is informing you of the receipt of new
   MAILgrams (the MAIL option has been specified or defaulted;  the NOMAIL
   option has not been specified;  you have not said "!DONT ACCEPT(SEND)").
 
2) THING has been given permission to add events to your :CALENDAR file
   (the AUTOSCHED option has been specified or defaulted;  the NOAUTOSCHED
   option has not been specified).
 
3) A :CALENDAR file exists in your logon account.
 
4) A MAILgram is received which contains date/time/place information in its
   subject field, in a form that THING can understand, and you are NOT a
   "blind copy" recipient of the MAILgram.
 
When conditions 1-3 are met, THING will examine each new MAILgram's subject
field, to see if it is of the following form:
 
            'topic [date, time, place]'
 
The [square-brackets] in the MAILgram header DO NOT indicate an optional
field - they must actually be typed as part of the subject, and are used to
indicate to THING that a date/time/place information string lies between them.
When THING sees a set of square brackets as part of the MAILgrams subject,
it parses everything between the brackets to determine the date, time, and
location of the meeting.  If the parse succeeds, THING adds the appointment
to your :CALENDAR file;  if the parse is unsuccessful, THING simply abandons
its attempt to schedule an appointment, and goes on to the next MAILgram in
your mailbox.
 
THING understands many styles of date and time.  Among these are:
 
   mm/dd or mm/dd/yy             Month, day, and (optionally) year
   yy.mm.dd                      European-style notation
   yymmdd                        ANS-style date
   TODAY                         The day that on which the MAILgram was sent
   TOMORROW                      The day after the MAILGRAM was sent
   MONDAY .. SUNDAY              The NEXT day of this name (*never* TODAY)
   MONth day or MONth day year   A named month and day, optionally with year
                                 (e.g. "JANUARY 3", "AUGUST 15TH, 1983")
   hh:mm, hh, hhmm               Specified hour and minute (e.g., "14:00",
                                 "1430").  May have "AM" or "PM" included
   NOON                          12:00 PM on the specified day
 
THING assumes that the "normal working day" falls between 7 AM and 7 PM,
and that most auto-scheduled appointments will fall within those hours.  Thus,
if the "hours" field in a time specification has only a single digit
(e.g., 3:00), and the value of the "hours" field is less than 7, THING
will assume that you mean an afternoon/evening time rather than an
early-morning time.  Thus, THING makes the following assumptions:
 
      6:30              means 6:30 in the evening
     06:30              means 6:30 in the morning
     06:30 PM           means 6:30 in the evening
       545              means 5:45 in the afternoon
      0545              means 5:45 in the morning
      7:30              means 7:30 in the morning
 
THING is very forgiving of spelling errors... as long as you get the first 3
letters of a day/month name correct, THING will understand what you mean.
 
Dates, days, times, and places may be separated either by blanks or by
commas, and may be specified in almost any order (see below for cautions).
If no date is specified, THING assumes that you mean TODAY;  if you
specify both a day-of-the-week and a specific date, THING honors the
specified date even if it isn't on the specified day of the week.  If you
specify a month which is "earlier" than the current month, and do not specify
a year, THING will assume that you mean to refer to next year.  You *must*
specify a time for the appointment;  if you do not specify a place, THING will
suggest a location.
 
It is strongly suggested that the "place" information appear as the last
item in a scheduling-information mailgram, to ensure that THING does not
mistake it for a time or date.  For example, if you were to sent a mailgram
which had the following subject:
 
   'Review Meeting: THING stuff [2nd floor, 3PM today]'
 
THING would parse the "2" in "2nd floor" as a meeting time of 02:00, and
would become very confused at the "nd floor";  it would fail to properly
schedule the meeting.  If, however, you had said:
 
   'Review Meeting: THING stuff [3 PM today, 2nd floor]'
 
all would be well.
 
If the AUTOSCHED and MAIL options are enabled, THING will normally attempt to
schedule appointments based on any MAILgrams that it believes have appeared
in your :MAIL_CENTRAL file since the last time that it looked at the file.
This means that whenever you invoke THING for the "first time" (for example,
when you log on in the morning), THING will schedule all appointments currently
listed in your :MAIL_CENTRAL file, since it doesn't remember when it last
looked at your mailbox.  THING will not double-schedule any appointments;
if you have an appointment scheduled for a particular time, THING will ignore
any MAILgrams which attempt to schedule appointments for that same time.
 
If you notice that you have received a MAILgram which schedules you for an
event that you really don't wish to attend, you should take the following
steps:
 
1) Use MAIL to either DELete the MAILgram from your mailbox, or to MARK it.
   In either case, this will inhibit THING from attempting to schedule (or
   re-schedule) the event.
 
2) Invoke CALENDAR.X and CANCEL the event.
 
00002
00001
00005
00003
00001
00001
00002
97/11/11 [AT]
THING.X Has been made year 2000 ready. Please see star #42946
92/01/18 MAM
do UTS fixes for E03
900204  DRC
Added STATUS.RRACK to the list of mailgram types to ignore.
 
Fixed Automatic Scheduling of events not to assume that an event
dated in the past should be scheduled for next year.  If however
no year is specified and the date is already past this year, It
will add a year to the current year and schedule the event for
that day next year.
890821  DRC
Fixed Thing not to send messages to an ASAVED user, Thus avoiding a
misleading message that was being sent to the console.  Star 36832.
890517 DRC
Fixed "Keyin cant find Template #16416" message that was being
displayed on the system console, if THING-the-ghost wasn't up.
Now the message "Thing is Exiting" will be sent to the console
every time a user invokes THING and THING-the-Ghost is not up.
890508
Fixed user table scanning per STAR 38025.
07/14/87 DEW
Fixed star 33785.  THING no longer changes the from field to contain the signed
field.
02/26/87 SBC
Blind copies should get autosched if also on primary or copy list.
02/03/87 DEW
Fixed star 32227. (Delivery reciept handling)
11/19/86 DEW
Made THING not resched (ad infinitem) mailgrams.
07/28/86
The ability to display active THING options is now available. To use type
!THING (OPT/ION)
 
THING will respond with all active options.
07/12/85
Registered users are now able to be informed when they have received
mail in their folders (other than :MAIL_CENTRAL).
 
Individuals with folders, not named :MAIL_CENTRAL, may specifically
request a different folder by using the MAIL option.  For example to
specify folder /PPT, THING is invoked like:
 
       THING (MAIL=/PPT)
 
For a description of address, see HELP for SEND.
 
Thing will reply with a message telling you which folder he is
monitoring.
 
NOTE: Registered users will automatically be assigned their registered
      mailboxes, unless they use the MAIL option with a folder.
6/6/85
Header-fixup code wasn't quite right...
6/5/85
Added code to correctly interpret A02 MAIL's headers (which have a
different SEGID in their data pointers than was true for A00/A01
headers).  A00, A01 mailgrams will still be displayed correctly.
4/15/85
Changed a perfectly legal PL-6 construct that FORMAT.X misdiagnoses as
an error, in order to reduce the heartburn that Captain X goes through
every time THING must be re-integrated.
3/22/85
Interprets mailgrams from "Multics Mail" server in a more intelligent
fashion;  scans mailgram body to identify the sender of the mailgram, and
eliminates the return-path information from the announcement.
10/17/84
Duplicate-event-scheduling filter didn't work quite right - you would
receive multiple "Sched" messages.
10/15/84
Updated THING to work with the C00 front-end, and with the A01 version of MAIL.
The MESSAGELINE option will now work with any terminal which supports a message
line (proper information must be in the profile, of course).  Miscellaneous
fixes to auto-scheduling:  the last character of the event (just before the
'[') is no longer being lost;  reminding interval (which used to be 0, meaning
no advance reminder) has been changed to 3 days for events which will take
place on Mondays, and 1 day for all other events;  duplicate-event scheduling
logic now filters out the numerous "NotSched" messages which resulted from
encountering the same autoscheduling mailgram on multiple occasions.
Busy-comgroup bug fixed.  GLARE/NOGLARE options no longer exist.  Short-
and message-line appointment reminders have been reformatted slightly;  the
time-until-appointment field now appears in parentheses immediately after
the appointment time.
8/15/83
New feature added:  automatic scheduling of upcoming events and appointments,
based on a special date/time/place code which can be placed in MAIL subject
fields.  See the AUTOSCHED option, and the APPOINTMENT_SCHEDULING topic for
details.
7/12/83
Corrected bug in trap-recovery/THING-is-dying-message code.  Corrected bug
which would cause THING to chew up excessive CPU time if a user had said
"!DONT ACCEPT (ALL)".  Moved packset-resource-releasing code into a
schedule-driven subroutine;  packsets are now released less frequently when
THING is being used heavily ('tho at least once per minute);  CPU time
used by THING is decreased significantly by this change (M$RELRES is
*expensive*!).
7/6/83
Added code to close a DAM$MAP timing window.  Deleted code which supports
the B03 (prototype) MAIL system;  only the A00 (official) MAIL system will
be supported hereafter.
6/21/83
Added call to DAM$FREEM to clear CVM cache (reducing chance of traps if
a user logs off while being monitored).  Improved trap-recovery logic to
reduce chance of THING abort if a FEP crashes and disconnects many users.
5/20/83
The A00 mailbox file (:MAIL_CENTRAL) is now opened SHARE=ALL, and
ENQ/DEQ used to ensure that no user is examining it.  This change
will prevent THING from busying out the mail folder and causing
MAILMAN to occasionally refuse delivery of a MAILgram.
5/17/83
Added code to recover more gracefully from unexpected "Missing Page
Fault" traps.  If a fault of this type occurs, THING will remove
the responsible user from its monitoring tables, and will proceed
as if the trap had not occurred.
5/5/83
Added new options to suppress:  scan of mailbox files (NOMAIL), scan of
calendar (NOCALENDAR), initial salutation message (NOSALUTATION), and
inverse-video/blinking of VIP7801 message line (NOGLARE).  Added code to
attempt to send "I am dying" message to all THING users if a run-time
trap occurs.
4/27/83
Initial version of THING released to the X account.
*K* IN_MEMORIAM OBITUARY RIP
From the New York Times News Service, 30 September, 1988
 
   NEW YORK--Charles Addams, a cartoonist whose macabre humor brought a touch
of ghoulishness to the New Yorker's glossy pages for five decades, died
Thursday at St. Clare's Hospital and Health Center in Manhattan.
 
   Mr. Addams died in the emergency room after being brought to the hospital by
ambulance, a hospital spokesman said.  He was 76 and had an apartment in
Manhattan and a house on Long Island.
 
   Mr. Addams's wife, Marilyn, said he had a heart attack Thursday morning in
his automobile while it was parked in front of their apartment building.
 
   "He's always been a car buff, so it was a nice way to go," she said.
 
   A typical Addams cartoon was the one that showed a weird-looking man waiting
outside a hospital delivery room with a nurse telling him, "Congratulations,
it's a baby!"
 
Type '?' for more on Mr. Addams
   Others depicted a Frankensteinian butler, a slinkily witchlike mother and
other odd denizens of a haunted-looking Victorian house.  In one 1946 drawing,
the characters are up in its tower, about to greet Christmas carolers by
dousing them with what looks like boiling oil.
 
   The New Yorker published its first cartoon by Mr. Addams in 1935, long
before sick jokes and black humor came into vogue, and it remained the main
showcase for his work.  But his drawings also were collected in a succession of
books, and they were included in anthologies of New Yorker cartoons.
 
   Robert Gottlieb, editor of the New Yorker, said Thursday:  "Like Thurber,
Perelman, E.B. White and half a dozen others, Charles Addams has been someone
whose work we instantly identify as central to the New Yorker.  In my own case,
this has been true for more than 40 years, and I can't imagine the magazine
without him."
 
Type '?' for more on Mr. Addams
   Rhonda Pinzer, a spokeswoman at the New Yorker, said Mr. Addams's output
included 12 published books, the last of which, "Creature Comforts," came out
in 1982.
 
   She said the magazine had on hand unpublished "material that Mr. Addams has
submitted, both covers and cartoons, which we expect will run in the future."
 
   Mr. Addams's work also appeared in shows at galleries and museums.  And his
drawings were reproduced on cocktail glasses, canape plates and other artifacts
of the middle-class culture to which his cartoons provided a chilling but
hilarious counterpoint.
 
   Explaining Mr. Addams's popularity, the critic John Mason Brown once wrote
in the Saturday Review that he "invites us to enter a world which has nothing
to do with the one in which we live except that, in the most glorious,
undeviating and giddy fashion, it turns all of its values topsy-turvy."
 
Type '?' for more on Mr. Addams
   Mr. Addams cheerfully called himself "a defrocked ghoul" when he appeared,
oddly robed, at a 1966 Manhattan costume party.
 
   But his manner was distinctly non-ghoulish when he was out having a good
time, which he did a great deal over the years, at charity balls, sports-car
races and New Yorker parties, where he was known to pedal a child's tricycle
while smoking a cigar.
 
   Mr. Addams's graphic ideas came in various ways.  He once cheerfully told
James Thurber, his fellow New Yorker cartoonist, "I have gotten a lot of
letters about my work, most of them from criminals and subhumans who want to
sell ideas.  Some of the worst come from a minister in Georgia."
 
   The Addams cartoon household went on to reach an even broader public when it
became the basis for "The Addams Family," the 1960s television comedy series.
00004
CHANGES
THING has been named in honor of a character who appeared in a television
show "The Addams Family" some years ago.  If you've never seen the show,
you've missed some good clean macabre chuckles;  if you have, you know
why THING has been so named.
 
THING is respectfully dedicated in memory of Carolyn Jones, Jackie Coogan,
and Ted Cassidy.
THING will assume certain default options when you first invoke it, if you
do not specify actual values for these options.  The defaults are:
 
   SHORT, BELL, CALENDAR, MAIL, SALUATION, AUTOSCHED, ALERT=0
 
You may change any of these options at any time, simply by re-invoking
THING and specifying the updated options.  THING will accept the changed
specifications, and will leave unchanged any of these options which you
have not specified.
 
For example, if you originally entered the command:
 
   !THING (ALERT=10)  "BELL and SHORT are assumed"
 
and later say:
 
   !THING (NOBELL)
 
then THING will proceed with the options "SHORT,NOBELL,ALERT=10".
THING will "forget" about your previous option specifications only if
you enter the command "!THING (STOP)".
 
THING is designed to be executed in two different, but cooperating
environments:  as a ghost job, and from on-line terminals.  The
ghost copy of THING is responsible for the actual monitoring of
calendar and mailbox files, and for the sending of messages
at the appropriate times.  When run on-line, THING simply sends a
message to the THING ghost via a comgroup, requesting that file
monitoring be started or stopped.
 
For further information, see the INSTALLATION and USAGE topics.
If THING is to operate correctly, the manager of your CP-6 system
must perform two vital steps when the CP-6 system is booted:
 
1) The THING run unit must be copied from the X account into the
   :SYS account.  All further access to THING will be via the
   copy which exists in the :SYS account.
 
2) A ghost job must be started to execute THING.
 
The first step may be performed by adding the following command to your
installation's "SITE_SPECIFIC" command file:
 
   !COPY THING.:SYS OVER THING.:SYS (ACC(ALL,EXEC))
 
The second step may be performed by adding the following command to
your installation's GOOSE_EGG file:
 
   START account,uname,password AT STARTUP USING !THING (INTERVAL=5)
 
The specified "account,uname" must be authorized to run in ghost
mode.
DEDICATION
The MESSAGE option is aimed at users of terminals (such as those in the
Bull VIP7800-series) which support a "25th" or "message" line, which
appears at the bottom of the terminal's screen and is not subject to normal
use.  When the MESSAGE option is used, THING modifies its behavior slightly
in order to make best use of the message line.
 
Specifically:
 
1) Messages from THING (and from the CP-6 system operator) will appear in the
   message line, rather than in the middle of your interactive output.  They
   will not be scrolled off the top of your terminal, and thus will be less
   likely to be overlooked.
 
2) THING will send only one message to your terminal during each "peek"
   at your calendar and mailbox files.  Upcoming appointments have highest
   priority (with the highest priority given to the appointment which will
   occur soonest), while MAILgrams have a lower priority (with the
   highest priority given to the "oldest" unviewed MAILgram in your mailbox).
   If, for example, THING wishes to inform you of one upcoming appointment
   and two MAILgrams, you will observe the following behavior:
 
   a) During the first "peek", THING will warn you of your appointment.
 
   b) A short while later, THING will tell you about the first of the
      MAILgrams.  It will NOT tell you about the second such MAILgram
      AT ALL, when you are operating with the MESSAGE option set.
 
3) A THING message which appears on the message line will not scroll off
   of the screen;  it will remain until you get rid of it.  The best way
   to remove such messages from your screen is to make use of the IMP
   processor, as follows:
 
   !IMP (ADD PRIMARY '0' TEXT=ESC,'v' WRITE_TRANSPARENT IMMEDIATE)
 
   On a Bull VIP78xx-series terminal, this IMP sequence will permit you to
   remove THING's message from the message line on your terminal by hitting
   function key 1 (F1).  The exact character sequences which must be IMP'ed
   will, of course, differ for terminals other than Bull VIP78xx models;
   consult your terminal owner's handbook for information.
 
MESSAGELINE
DEDICATION
DEDICATION
THING accepts a number of options which may be used to tailor its
operation to the particular needs of your installation and users.
Options currently defined include:
 
   INTERVAL, LONG, SHORT, MESSAGE, ALERT, BELL, NOBELL,
   MAIL, NOMAIL, CALENDAR, NOCALENDAR, SALUTATION, NOSALUTATION,
   AUTOSCHED, NOAUTOSCHED, OPTION, QUIT, and SYSID.
 
For details concerning any one of these options, enter the command
 
   !HELP (THING.:SYS) OPTIONS option_name
 
For a description of all THING options, type "??".
The ALERT option is used to specify the times prior to an appointment
at which you (the on-line user) wish to be alerted.  Times are specified
in minutes;  up to 10 different times may be specified, in any order.
 
The option takes the form:
 
   ALERT=time
 
      or
 
   ALERT=(time,time,...,time)
 
You will receive a warning for each time specified, and also a final
warning at the actual time of your appointment.  If you wish to receive
only a single "You have an appointment NOW!" message, specify the option
"ALERT=0" (which is the default).
 
The ALERT option has no meaning if the NOCALENDAR option has been
specified.
 
The AUTOSCHED option is used to indicate that you are granting THING permission
to automatically schedule meetings and appointments into your :CALENDAR
file, when suitably-formatted MAILgrams are sent to you by other users.
This option may be countermanded by the NOAUTOSCHED option;  AUTOSCHED is the
default.
 
See the APPOINTMENT_SCHEDULING topic for details.
The BELL option is used to indicate that an on-line user wishes THING to
ring the terminal bell (beeper, buzzer, honker... whatever) whenever
a new-mail or upcoming-appointment message is sent.  This option may be
countermanded by the NOBELL option;  BELL is the default.
 
The CALENDAR option is used to indicate that you wish THING to inform you of
upcoming appointments.  CALENDAR is assumed by default;  it may be overridden
at any time via the NOCALENDAR option.
 
The INTERVAL option is meaningful only to the ghost incarnation of THING.
It specifies the number of minutes which THING should wait between
"peeks" at any particular on-line user's calendar and mailbox files.  This
interval will apply to all on-line users who have requested THING's services,
and cannot be overridden by individual on-line users.
 
The option takes the form:
 
   INTERVAL = decimal_number_of_minutes
 
A value of 0 will be interpreted as a 1-minute interval.  The default
value for this option is 5 minutes.
 
The LONG option is used to indicate that you (the on-line user) wish to
receive a verbose, multi-line message to remind you of upcoming appointments.
This option takes either of two forms:
 
   LONG     --or--      FULL
 
and may be countermanded by the SHORT or MESSAGE options.
 
The MAIL option is used to specify that you wish THING to inform you of
the arrival of new MAILgrams in your mailbox file.  The MAIL option
is assumed by default, and may be overridden via the NOMAIL option.
 
In addition, the MAIL option allows you to specify a folder other than
the CENTRAL folder. The form of the option is:
 
  MAIL=address
 
where address is a valid MAIL address.  The syntax for address is
 
  [name][/folder][.[account][@site]
 
Note: THING does not allow for passworded mailboxes.
The MESSAGE option is used to indicate that you (the on-line user) wish to
have new-mail and upcoming-appointment messages appear on the 25th, or
"message" line of your terminal.  This option is meaningful only if the CP-6
profile for your terminal contains the information necessary to move your
terminal's cursor to and from the terminal's message line.  If your terminal
does not support a message line, the MESSAGE option is functionally equivalent
to the SHORT option.
 
This option takes the form:
 
   MESSAGE
 
and may be overridden via the LONG or SHORT options.
 
This option operates by activating the CP-6 communication-control flag which
means "Put all messages from CP-6 system operators on the message line"
(i.e., it is equivalent to issuing the IBEX command "!TERMINAL MSGLINE".).
 
See the topic MESSAGELINE for some additional information and goodies
concerning the use of the MESSAGE option on Bull VIP78xx-series terminals.
 
The NOAUTOSCHED option may be used to indicate that you do not want THING to
automatically add new appointments and meetings to the schedule in your
:CALENDAR file.  This option may be overridded at any time via the AUTOSCHED
option.
 
The NOBELL option may be used to indicate that you (the on-line user) do
not wish to have your terminal blare at you whenever THING sends you a
message.  NOBELL reverses the effect of the (default) BELL option, and
may later be reversed by BELL.
 
 
The NOCALENDAR option may be used to indicate that you do not wish THING
to inform you of upcoming appointments.  This option may be overridden at any
time via the CALENDAR option.
 
The NOMAIL option may be used to indicate that you do not wish THING to
inform you of the receipt of new MAILgrams in your mailbox file.  This
option may be overridden at any time via the MAIL option.
 
The NOSALUTATION option may be used to indicate that you do not wish THING
to send you its initial "Welcome - I hear and obey" message.  This option
is useful primarily when your !THING command appears in your setup
file.
 
The OPTION option may be used to indcate that you wish THING to tell
you which options are currently being used.
 
The SALUTATION option may be used to indicate that you wish THING to
greet you when it is first invoked.  SALUTATION is the default, and may
be over-ridden via the NOSALUTATION option.
 
This option is provided solely for the sake of completeness.
 
The SHORT option may be used to indicate that you (the on-line user) wish
to receive a simple one-line reminder of upcoming appointments.  The
option takes either of two forms:
 
      SHORT    --or--      BRIEF
 
and may be modified at any time by use of the LONG or MESSAGE options.
SHORT is the normal mode of notification.
 
The STOP (or QUIT) option may be used to tell THING that you wish it to
stop sending you new-mail and upcoming-appointment notices.  The THING
ghost will send you a confirmatory notice, and will forget all about
you.  You may restart THING monitoring at a later time by reinvoking
THING, and respecifying the notification mode (LONG, SHORT, or MESSAGE)
and any ALERT interval(s) you may wish.
 
It is possible to temporarily suppress THING notification without having
to use the STOP option.  See the ACCEPT topic for details.
 
The SYSID option is for debugging purposes only;  it is normally disabled,
and has no effect if specified.
 
00001
00002
00003
00016
00004
00006
00005
00006
00007
00008
00009
00010
00011
00012
00013
00014
00017
00015
00016
00017
00018
Dave Wagner, LADC
When the THING ghost opens a user's :MAIL_CENTRAL or :CALENDAR file, it
becomes associated with the public packset on which the user's file management
account exists.  When THING (or any other user) is associated with a packset,
it is impossible for the system operator to successfully !DISMOUNT the
packset (e.g. for drive maintenance or file backup).  Therefore, THING will
sever its association with all public packsets on a regular basis, in order
to permit the successful dismounting of any such packset in a timely fashion.
 
The THING ghost dissociates all public packsets (other than #SYS) based on
a simple schedule.  After each pass through its "monitor users" loop, it
checks to see if it will awaken again within 1 minute after the last time
it performed a packset-dissociation request.  If so, it simply goes to sleep;
if not, it releases any packsets it is associated with, and then goes to sleep.
Therefore, if the system operator issues a "!DISMOUNT #setname" keyin (or
a "!DISMOUNT #setname FAST"), THING guarantees to release DP#setname within
one minute of the time that the keyin is issued.  If the operator issues a
"!DISMOUNT #setname NOW" keyin for a packset with which THING is associated,
the THING ghost will abort, and thus release the packset immediately.
Once your installation manager has arranged to install THING in the
:SYS account and to start its execution as a ghost, you may find it most
useful to place a !THING command in your setup XEQ file.  An example
command might be:
 
   !THING (MESSAGE,ALERT=(5,30,60))
 
This command will cause THING to alert you of upcoming appointments one
hour, one-half hour, and five minutes before each appointment, and
once again at the time of the appointment.  If your terminal supports a
"message line" at the bottom of the screen, THING will place its messages
there;  if not, THING's messages will appear interspersed with the output
of whatever program or processor you are using at the time.  Messages will
include an ASCII "BEL" character, which will probably cause your terminal to
emit some horrible noise to attract your attention.
DEDICATION
THING.:SYS
AID=GENERAL
AID=OFFICE_AUTOMATION
MAIL
SCHEDULES
USER_COMMUNICATION
TOOL=THING
Sends notices to users about MAILgram arrivals and approaching
appointments.
CHANGES
